Doc Review changes (#428)
kubos/kubos: docs/mission-dev/index.rst

> Although there is already quite a bit of :doc:`supported hardware <../index>` in KubOS, your mission might have some hardware that is not yet supported, or unique to your mission (such as a payload).

Reviewer: Maybe remove `(such as a payload)` since it's going to be explicitly called out in its own section

Author: Eh, reiterating is fine I think.

The hardware service only exposes the commands and telemetry for the radio hardware, but does not expose the uplink or downlink interface(s).
To expose their downlink and uplink capability to the rest of the system, we provide a :doc:`communication service framework. <../ecosystem/services/comms-framework>`

> 2. Payload Integration(s)

Reviewer: I had kind of assumed that this would be a sub-section under "Hardware Integrations", since payload services are a subset of hardware services

Author: Not if we want to truly highlight it. Plus it's a much different step in the actual mission development cycle. I gave this some serious thought and I feel very strongly that it should be its own section, especially given the feedback we've gotten.

> -------------------------

Reviewer: nit: Add an empty line after this

Author: ```suggestion
-------------------------

```

Besides avionics hardware, you likely have a payload you want to integrate for your mission.

> KubOS provide a payload service framework for integrating payloads into KubOS in the *recommended* way:

Reviewer: - provide -> provides
- framework -> guide

Author: ```suggestion
KubOS provides a payload service guide for integrating payloads into KubOS in the *recommended* way:
```

- :doc:`Payload Services <../ecosystem/services/payload-services>`

> Following this service guide will align it with how all other hardware services communicate in KubOS, but it is not *required*.

Reviewer: This section is kind of awkward to me. Maybe this:

We recommend all payload services follow this guide in order to keep system component interoperability simple and organized. However, there is no hard requirement forcing services to conform to our specifications. We want users to retain complete control over their systems and understand there may be cases where following our architecture isn't the best option. For example, there might be a payload device which requires a lower latency than our communication flow provides. In this case, it would be better for the appropriate mission application to be able to directly communicate with the device, rather than going via a payload service.

...this ended up wordier than I normally like... >.>

Author: I struggled with this too lol
